{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11400\viewh12820\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Lizzie Litt\
CSE313 \
Project 3\
\
**Please note this was done on a mac using XCODE.\
Proj3.cpp\
added a bool for shadowing, that is on by default. \
in myKeys, if you press s, you can turn shadowing on and off.\
\
Bug.cpp\
Bug::keyframe: use two keyframes. Find the closest one. Interpolate to find current keyframe.\
\
Bug::bugHeading: when velocity is 0, acceleration direction is used. Otherwise velocity is used.\
Also used atan2. without the atan2 the bugs don\'92t travel correctly.\
\
\
Critter.cpp\
CCritter::integrate: find the velocity and update it. Update the position. Add dist to the total distance traveled.\
\
CCritter::accelDrag: set acceleration for drag, subtract k*v.\
\
Scene.h\
changed numCritters to 6.\
\
Scene.cpp\
CScene::build: added for loop to create follower critters. almost same as creating main bug. \
\
CScene::isFreeSpot: for loop to check follower critters.\
\
CScene::draw: made follow critters a different color for fun. Did shadowing here for main bug, followers, and obstacles. \
\
CScene::process: made repulsion and attraction variables for k, and exp (fallout factor). Used simple for loop to reset followers acceleration. Make sure the main bug and followers avoid obstacles. Also make followers follow the main big bug. Loop through the numcritters to make sure they don\'92t hit each other. Also make sure they don\'92t hit the main bug. Also implement accelDrag, accepCap, and integrate.\
\
\
}